---
date:
  created: 2024-10-15
  updated: 2024-10-21
authors:
  - b4rngs
---
# Project Update: 15th October 2024

## Headline

COMMUNITY BROADBAND DEADLINE 16th NOVEMBER 2024

HAVE YOU INVESTED OR PLEDGED TO INVEST IN B4RN YET?

* 5% ANNUAL RETURN ON INVESTMENT
* YOU CAN REQUEST WITHDRAWAL OF YOUR INVESTMENT AFTER 3 YEARS
* INVESTMENTS OF £1500 OR ABOVE GIVE FREE INITIAL PROPERTY CONNECTION (_**Remember**: The £1,500 must be invested in a single transaction and before the connection goes live to qualify for a waived connection fee connection_).

## Current Position

The majority of the cost of this project will be covered by central and local Government funding commitments of approximately £550,000.

Whist we have secured significant interest in receiving the service, investment pledges and actual investment but more investment is needed to enable the construction to commence early in 2025.

**FOR THE PROJECT TO GO AHEAD WE NEED TO SECURE MORE INVESTMENT BY 16TH NOVEMBER.**

***IF WE CANNOT SECURE THE EXTRA INVESTMENT THE GOVERNMENT FUNDING WILL BE LOST WITH NO CERTAINTY THAT IT WILL EVER BE AVAILABLE AGAIN.***

Almost 150 households have expressed an interest in having the Super-Fast full fibre service from B4RN but have not yet made any investment commitment. Around 40 people have already invested or pledged to invest. If you have decided to invest, PLEASE PLEDGE NOW. If you have already made an investment or pledged to invest and are prepared to invest more, PLEASE DO IT NOW.

## Get Involved

If you are interested in investing and want to know more come to the drop-in sessions at:

* Grindleton Pavilion from 6pm on 30th October.
* Sawley Village Hall on 6pm 7th November.

These sessions are open to all irrespective of where you live.

DO NOT MISS THE OPPORTUNITY TO HAVE SUPER FAST, SECURE AND AFFORDABLE BROADBAND FOR OUR COMMUNITY. 

MANY OTHER NEIGHBOURING PARISHES IN THE RIBBLE VALLEY HAVE ALREADY DONE THIS.

## Further Information

For a more comprehensive outline of investing in B4RN, take a look at the Share Prospectus on the B4RN website. For full details of what it means to become a member of the B4RN Community Benefit Society you can read the society’s rules handbook on the website. B4RN is registered under the FCA Mutuals Public Register, Company Registration Number 31352R (B4RN’s publicly filed Accounts and Annual Returns can be found on the website.)


Google ‘Get B4RN’ or go to [B4RN.org.uk](https://www.b4rn.org.uk/).
